like she's got new ipod touch whole days
ago um looks pretty sweet it's a brand
new fourth generation 32 gig just came
out last Wednesday so it's about a week
old now so I'm gonna get right into the
unboxing but first time I says I did
already open this but I wanted to get it
all booted up and ready to go so that I
could show some of the key features
because when you get a new ipod like
most you know you have to boot it up
with your iTunes before you can get it
going first just take it off the little
plastic thing we got the plastic
covering over it so just peel it back
peel off a little sticker mmm it's
pretty much it it's really slim it's a
lot a lot lighter Oh feels a lot better
in your hand as you can see the bottom
is flat a lot flatter than the other one
and you can see the camera and the
microphone right next to it and then
obviously the front cam is right there
as long as the home button and they also
change the side of the power button so
you're trying to make it like the iPhone
so instead of clicking on this side now
it's on this side which it's alright
because it's more like the iPhone but
it's kind of annoying if you had the
other generation ipod touches alright so
that's the ipod now for the rest of the
box try now it's just like any other
ipod we just have your fingertips which
nobody ever reads you have the cord you
plug it into the computer or the power
box or anything that you need we need
that for and you have your apple
headphones that's pretty much it thanks
for the box the ipod itself is really
fast i've been using it for a couple
days now it's I mean it's really really
fast compared to the other ipods this
has the a4 processor which is in the
iphone which makes it 10 times faster
easily 10 times faster than any other
ipod or any other ipod touch and you can
see you got the retina
and now you have the ability to make
your own background for your picture so
you can go into iphoto ring go to photos
um you know pick up pick out a picture
or you can go in and can't wait to take
pictures and set them as your background
then you also have obviously the cameras
which are pretty good quality that's the
front camera which is really nice really
nice that they had the front camera in
the back camera so as you can see the ok
quality I think to the same exact
cameras at the iphone have so really
good for facetime the facetime thing is
a big upgrade there's pictures you can
take pictures take videos you switch it
here and then you could switch the
camera whenever you need and also
another really nice thing is that you
could also go landscape mode and it will
change everything on the ipod to go to
landscape so when you actually take a
picture or do anything like that it'll
show up landscape on your pictures one
of the big upgrades is obviously the
folder you can you have the ability to
make your own folders so you can click
and drag any app and plug it right into
the folder and if you wait for a second
it'll go right in and you know you could
name it and do whatever you want with it
and you can make as many folders as you
want and I think you can get up to 9
apps in it and those are pretty much the
big upgrades are especially the red knob
or it makes everything really clear just
crystal clear everything really nice the
apps are really clear everything looks
really good is super fast you also have
your games
Center which I've never really ever used
he's like the ability to play with your
friends online and your facetime app so
the ability to talk with people using
your camera over Wi-Fi so that's pretty
much it all new ipod touch i really like
it the cameras are a really good touch
the a4 processor makes it really quick
definitely a huge upgrade from the
previous iPods
you